Before we end this module, let's look at some key takeaways.
Be sure to close the PDF document after you load and modify it either by
calling the close method on the document or by surrounding your document
loading logic in try‑with‑resources, as you saw in the demos.
The second thing is,
remember to save the document after doing any modification to it,
like adding or removing pages or any content to the PDF document.
To wrap things up, you saw the PDFBox API features for loading a PDF document,
extracting content from it, and removing pages from a PDF document.
You worked with them yourself by applying these API features in the
product catalog PDF document from the furniture store scenario. Remember not to forget the key takeaways.